UX Planet

UX Planet bills itself as a “one-stop source for all things user experience”.


UX Planet bills itself as a “one-stop source for all things user experience,” with everything from beginner’s tutorials to career advice to thought leadership articles. If you’re new to UX, check out the UX for Beginners section, where you’ll find a wealth of basic content, including a UX primer for non-designers. The beautiful thing about UX Planet is that it includes a broad group of individuals that have come to UX from various backgrounds. So, in addition to the standard manuals and how-tos, you’ll find words of wisdom, encouragement, and lots of “real talk” about what it’s like to start a career in UX.


XD Ideas

XD Ideas is a new addition to the UX blogosphere, powered by Adobe XD.


XD Ideas is a new addition to the UX blogosphere, powered by Adobe XD. It was created to appeal to a basic audience, but it is swiftly evolving into a comprehensive UX resource. The blog is organized into logical sections, making it simple to locate what you’re looking for, such as how-to instructions for learning the basics, key design concepts and principles, and beginner-friendly job advice. XD Ideas, like UX Planet, offers a diverse group of experienced contributors, so you’ll get a mix of perspectives and voices.


UX Collective

UX Collective is the largest design journal on the blogging platform Medium.


The UX Collective, established and published by award-winning designer Fabricio Teixeira and fellow designer Caio Braga. It is the largest design journal on blogging platform Medium. UX Collective, in their own words, aims to cut through the clutter, compile the most essential UX information, and provide it to the community in a more structured and consumable format. Professional designers’ insights and learnings, strategies for applying UX design in the real world, and thought-provoking reflections on the design of well-known products and services—not to mention career advice, portfolio tips, and general hacks to help you become a better UX designer—are all available here. You may also join up for the newsletter to get a bird’s-eye view of the UX industry.


Inside Design

InVision, one of the most popular design and prototype tools, may be recognizable to you.


InVision, one of the most popular design and prototype tools, may be recognizable to you. InVision also publishes the Inside Design blog, which is regarded as one of the best in the field. Suppose you already work in the UX sector. In that case, the Inside Design blog has all the information you need to widen your horizons—especially if you’re looking to improve your UX processes and teams, as well as get a better understanding of the whole product design and development process. This is a beautiful site to keep up with the newest UX trends, tools, resources, and events because they’re constantly adding further information.